Timeout to registrations and renewals (#3678)
svthalia/concrexit: website/registrations/templates/registrations/email/reminder_open_registration.txt

Dear board,

{{ name }} has an open registration for more then a month. The registration was created at {{ created_at }}.

> If {{ name }} does not pay for their registration, the registration will automatically be removed three months after {{ created_at }}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If {{ name }} does not complete their registration, the registration will automatically be removed three months after {{ created_at }}.

You may want to reach out to them.
```
